TERMS and CONDITIONS of USE

The software and related material (data and documentation), contained 
within or furnished in connection with the GEM-Selektor version 
2-PSI program package for geochemical modelling (and its subsequent 
versions), are made available by the Paul Scherrer Institute (PSI) 
to be used in the public interest and for the advancement of science.  

Permission to use the GEM-Selektor software is hereby granted free 
of charge for educational and research purposes only, provided and 
as long as these Terms and Conditions of Use are accepted. 

The GEM-Selektor software, with its supporting documentation and 
databases, can be used and copied subject to the following restrictions 
and understandings.

The user may distribute copies of the software and related material
provided that the recipients receive a copy of this notice and receive 
or can get a copy of the original distribution. Any modified file must 
include a notice clearly stating the modifications, the author, and date. 

As the software is public property, the user has the right to obtain 
the source code, if desired.  Although this version (GEM-Selektor 2-PSI) 
comes with executable files only, the developers of GEM-Selektor 
are preparing the source code to be included into the forthcoming
 versions, foreseen to be released under the terms of GPL (General 
Public License) or similar license.

The user may charge fees for services provided in connection with the 
software or derivative works thereof, but not for distribution of the 
software. The name PSI can be used in any advertising or publicity
to endorse or promote any product or commercial entity using this software 
only if specific written permission is obtained from the PSI.

The user agrees to appropriately acknowledge the authors (GEMS-PSI 
Development Team) and the PSI in publications that result from the
use of this software, or in products that include this software in
whole or in part.

Because the GEM-Selektor software and related material is free of charge
(other than nominal materials and handling fees) and provided "as is", 
the authors and the PSI have made no warranty, expressed or implied, 
as to the accuracy or completeness, and are neither obligated to provide
the user with any support, consulting, training or assistance of any kind
with regard to the use, operation, and performance of this software, 
nor to supply the user with any updates, revisions, new versions
or "bug fixes".

The user assumes all risk for any damages or losses whatsoever resulting 
from or in connection with the accessibility, use, quality, or performance 
of this software.

DISCLAIMER

The GEM-Selektor software package is produced and supported by the 
Development and Support Team at the Waste Management Laboratory of 
the Paul Scherrer Institute (PSI). Permission to use the GEM-Selektor 
software is hereby granted free of charge to non-profit educational 
and research institutions, for educational and research purposes 
only, subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use (see above).

Please, note that some information accessed through the GEM-Selektor 
web page or in runtime GEM-Selektor HTML documentation files, tests, 
and tutorial examples, may be preliminary in nature and presented 
prior to final review, quality assurance, endorsement and approval 
by the PSI or any related authority. This information is provided 
with the understanding that it is not guaranteed to be correct or 
complete; any conclusions drawn from such information are in the sole 
responsibility of the user.  
